Objective manager
-----------------
*   Player controller
*   List of objectives
    []  Completion condition(s) to check
    []  Things that happen when the objective becomes active
    []  Things that happen when the objective is completed

1.  Turn on the power
    i.      Find the key
    ii.     Open the door to the generator room
    iii.    Go down the stairs to the generator room
    iv.     Hit the generator lever

2.  Decode the movie with the poster picture
    i.      Open the door to the movie theatre
    ii.     Open the door to go upstairs
    iii.    Head upstairs and open the door to the projector room
    iv.     Pick up the film reel from the shelf and put in the projector (poster is interactable now)
    v.      Go back down the stairs and head to the contraption
    vi.     Fiddle with the various dials on the contraption to adjust the movie's settings
    vii.    See the poster

3.  Find the poster and interact with it to reveal the safe
    i.      Leave the theatre room
    ii.     Explore the theatre until reaching the room beside the projector room (which will contain the safe)
    iii.    Interact with the poster to reveal the safe

4.  Decode the movie with the safe combination
    i.      Return to the projector room
    ii.     Take the movie with the safe combination in it off the shelf and put it in the projector (safe is interactable now)
    iii.    Go to the contraption
    iv.     Adjust everything until the combination is visible
    v.      Go back to the safe and enter the combination
    vi.     Retrieve the film reel contained within

5.  Decode the final film
    i.      Return to the projector room
    ii.     Put the film in the projector
    iii.    Go to the contraption and adjust it until the portal opens (portal is then open)

6.  Finish the game
    i.      Step through the portal
    ii.     Go up the stairs
    iii.    Activate the projector at the top?
    iv.     Try to run back down
    v.      Get caught
    vi.     End
